you know I want to tell you a story
because I know I see these photographs
of you like taking pictures with people
at weddings and stuff and it always
looks like you're being nice and you
never know what's going on but 19 years
ago I was a rate I was a radio disc
jockey it worked at k-rock here in LA
and my partner Kevin and I decided we're
gonna sneak into the Governor's Ball the
big party across the street at the
Oscars was out there you were there yeah
and I had we had microphones and
everything and so we it took us for it
we spent the whole day there we had
rental tuxedos we we camped out in the
book Bay where you Jimmy Kimmel banner
I won't tech legally guess but nobody
would I was just a radio guy nobody
would have known who I was okay so we go
to this thing and we're there and nobody
wants to talk to us until we see you and
we said hey we worked at this radio
station we snuck in here will you mind
doing an interview with us and you were
you laughed and you were very nice and
you did an interview with us and then at
the end of the interview said are you
guys hungry and we said yeah well of
course we are and you went and got us
food and you put the food down in off on
your merry
awesome I mean that's that's a pretty
nice thing to do well thank you you know
thank you I would have starved to death
without you John Travolta saved my life
that night hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
like that subscribe to our YouTube
channel to get all our latest videos
before they die and go to YouTube heaven